Improve error handling and documentation clarity (#22450)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/analytics/dashboards.mdx

### Create a dashboard from scratch

When creating a dashboard from scratch, select the option **Create a new**. You can follow the instructions in the following sections to start adding charts to your dashboard.

#### Create a new chart

To create a new chart, select **Add chart**. There are two ways to create a chart:

> - **Use a prompt**: Enter a query like 'Compare status code ranges over time.' The AI model decides the most appropriate visualization and constructs your chart configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use a prompt**: Enter a query like `Compare status code ranges over time.` The AI model decides the most appropriate visualization and constructs your chart configuration.
```
